Definition:
Meta Horizon is a "social hub" that can be experienced via "virtual reality" (VR). It includes several destinations within the Metaverse. Currently, it features destinations such as Meta Horizon Workrooms, Meta Horizon Worlds and your own Meta Horizon Home. Within the Meta Horizon and other connected VR apps, "users" will appear as their own "3D" "avatar".

Meta Horizon Worlds:
Out of the three destinations you can "access" via Meta Horizon, Worlds is the most eye-catching. This is a free app that can be "experienced" through a Meta Quest headset, with Meta claiming that there are over 10,000 "worlds" (multiple worlds) to explore. These "worlds are developed by users" (content creation) in the Metaverse, with the option for anyone to "create" their own "experiences". You can also view musical performances, comedy shows and sporting events, with the company pushing users to use the "social" app "not just for VR experiences but real-world" (physical-virtuality) ones, too. To access Meta Horizon Worlds users will first need to create an "avatar and customise it" (customizable avatar) to their liking.

Meta Horizon Workrooms:
As the name suggests, Meta Horizon Workrooms is a dedicated "virtual" "space" that has been built to bring teams together in the Metaverse. Meta has pushed it as a way for workers to effectively "communicate" without needing to be in the same room, with the ability to share presentations and brainstorm ideas. Meta Horizon Workrooms can be experienced via a "VR headset" or through a standard “video” call. You can "customise environments" and use expressive avatars to create a more "immersive" "experience" for you and your teammates, with "spatial audio" also being available with some headsets so it feels like you’re talking to someone who’s in the same room as you.

Meta Horizon Home:
Meta Horizon Home is the first thing that users are presented with when they put on a Meta VR headset. It’s the place where users can see their followers, watch Oculus TV and play "multiplayer games" (shared, gameplay). The "environment" can be "customised" (customizable/personalizable) to the user’s liking.



Source: https://www.trustedreviews.com/explainer/what-is-meta-horizon-4275486 (abgerufen am: 06.04.2023)