Definition:
Minimal Metaverse:
Metaverse is a large-scale ("vast") and "interoperable" "network" of "real-time" "3D" "virtual" "worlds". It is a "universe" of "digital" "life" as its basic form, in which rich content is created and operated jointly by all participants ("collaborative content creation"). Any image, content, wealth, etc. can circulate in the metaverse. It allows for collaborative governing by multiple intelligences, reducing the cost of production and operations and increasing the real and virtual value of products. Finally, the metaverse brings excellent "openness". An essential feature of the metaverse is the commitment to "decentralized" "virtual reality". All "users" can have "ownership" of their data ("digital assets") and digital resources without interference from any third party. "Blockchain" technology decentralization, no licensing centre, no trust mechanism, and automatic incentives provide a decentralized "network environment" for the metaverse. There is a high degree of "freedom" in the metaverse. There are various physical technologies and devices for "accessing", "interacting", or developing the metaverse.

Metaverse Manufacturing:
Metaverse manufacturing is the integration of metaverse thinking into manufacturing industry.
It needs a technological foundation of the digital twin, artificial intelligence, and blockchain. Virtual-Real symbiosis manufacturing shall be part its process. A value-driven system is required. The generation and interaction of data accompany all activities in metaverse manufacturing. It is  blockchain-based, fully connected and enables trusted manufacturing. IP avatars as well as AR/VR/MR can be used to realize effective personalized advertizing at a small cost. Investing in goods such as physical assets, service assets, digital assets (such as NFT) and data assets (Data shared as a resource) will jointly bring endless benefits to asset owners. 5G technology is the source of metaverse manufacturing data. A smart contract will authenticate the data collected by the hardware and processed by the gateway, and the authenticated data will be packaged and encapsulated. The blockchain-based system provides four metaverse essential services: data capture and query, data analysis, smart contract audit, and data traceability and visualization.

Anwendungen:
manufacturing systems; games; advertisement;