Definition:
The metaverse "seamlessly integrates" the "real world and the virtual world" (physical-virtuality), and conducts rich "activities" such as "creation", display, and trading. The metaverse is loosely defined as an extensive "online" "world" in which people "interact" via digital "avatars". It aims to be an "open", "shared" and "persistent" virtual world that offers accesses to the "three-dimensional" (3D) virtual "spaces", solutions, and environments created by "users". On the other hand, various virtual technologies create the ways to "access" metaverse. For example, "virtual reality" (VR) is one of technologies to create 3D virtual environments. While people can enter the metaverse via an "internet" browser and a "crypto wallet", and provide a more "immersive" "experience" through virtual reality headsets, users can only see the online world. In contrast, "augmented reality" (AR) superimposes "virtual objects" on the user’s perspective of the physical world.
The virtual world of the metaverse generates the volume, variety and velocity of data, such as structured and unstructured data, making "deep learning-based" (AI) "digital twins" essential.
The "economic system" built by metaverse based on "blockchain" technology mainly integrates the virtual world and the real world in the economic system, social system, and identity system. The time attribute in the metaverse is "retroactive" and can be "discontinuous", which means that a user can explore any point in time of the past.
"IoT-based wireless sensing" technologies will be important for "human-machine interaction" (HMI) of metaverse users and hereby enrich the basic constructions of metaverse world. Anyone can safely and freely engage in "social activities" that transcend the limits of the physical world.

Anwendungen:
UFC fights; virtual concerts; architecture; school; meetings; work; restoration of cultural relics; time travel; immersive design; time museum; criminal investigation; recording development of cities;