Definition:
Minimal Metaverse:
"A metaverse" is the evolution of "AR/VR" technologies toward "interconnected" "virtual" "worlds". Metaverses are developed based on the most advanced means of "visualization", "sensing" and "wireless communications". In addition, metaverse leverages the latest achievements of "AI" and "blockchain" technologies to achieve a truly "immersive" "user experience" with "synchronized realities". Currently, metaverses are limited mostly to virtual worlds, where users can be engaged only through the "VR headset" and purchase "virtual items" as unique "non-fungible tokens" (NFTs). It must achieve a "real-time" "interactive" "high-resolution" rendering of "3D" worlds and objects.
However, in the foreseeable future, a VR-based metaverse is expected to converge with AR glasses, wearable devices and existing IoT infrastructure to "synchronize virtual and physical realities". (physical-virtuality)

Metaverse of Things (MoT):
MoT is composed of real people or things and their corresponding digital twins, which are synchronized across virtual and physical realities. Soon wearable devices, AR/VR glasses, earphones, watches and haptic sensors will be able to operate as a decentralized ‘‘smartphone’’ for the metaverse, which will enable immersive user engagement in a rich set of applications by all available human senses (multimodal) and personal metadata. MoT imposes an underlying 5G/6G mobile network infrastructure. To ensure precise synchronization of the data flows and strict end-to-end QoS guarantees, we use unique NFTs for each application and each separate data flow, which are managed by smart contracts among UEs and MNOs based on the underlying blockchain infrastructure. In this section, we review the key technological trends, which are essential blocks for the MoT concept, such as IoT, digital twins, blockchain, AI, 6G, AR/VR, etc. Haptic communications providing immersive user engagement by enriching the sensory experience in many critical aspects of industries. It is clear that synchronization between physical and virtual worlds will heavily rely on the use of AI-based data processing algorithms.

Anwendungen:
industry; remote surgeries; holographic telepresence; machinery maintenance; autonomous driving;
