Definition:
Ideal metaverse:
Metaverse "seamlessly integrates the real/physical world with the virtual/digital world" (physical-virtuality) and allows "avatars" to carry out rich "activities" including "creation", display, entertainment, "social networking", and trading. Avatars of "human players", their creations, and consumption in the metaverse affects the physical world and change behaviors of people in the physical world through the incluence of people's thoughts. The "economic system" of metaverse must be constructed in a "decentralized" manner such that the "virtual assets" of avatars could be traded efficiently in metaverse. Advances in "AI" have brought promising solutions to overcoming the challenges of metaverse development, such as "Big Data" analytics, "AI-empowered content generation", and "intelligence" deployment. State-of-the-art technologies as enablers are "high-speed networks" (e.g., "5G") and "edge computing", "Blockchain", and AI. From the more idealistic perspective, metaverse should be "interoperable" such that "users" can trade virtual items like clothes or cars from one "platform" to another.
Not only metaverse users, but the objects or things in the physical world also "interact" with the metaverse, evolving to "persistently" represent the structure, behaviors, and context of a unique physical asset in the virtual world ("digital twins"). Metaverse has a "significant number of users". AI and blockchain are promising technologies to build a "scalable", "reliable", and efficient metaverse. They enable the Metaverse to create a digital virtual world where anyone can safely and "freely" engage in social and economic activities that "transcend the limits of the real world". The key characteristics of a metaverse (e.g., "identity", "friends", "immersive" "experience", "low friction", "civility", economy, "anywhere", "variety").

Their separate vision:
An open, fair, and rational future metaverse.
To enable an intelligent and secure metaverse, we think that key technologies such as AI and blockchain should be fused with the metaverse. Therefore, we review the related studies that can offer us inspiration in the following sections. Intelligent voice services provide Voice recognition and communication, for metaverse users. Digital twins are instrumental for the establishment of metaverse environment and require real-time data. The proposed framework is scalable to satisfy the demands of smart city services. In the open and decentralized metaverse, deep reinforcement learning (DRL) is expected as a promising alternative for automated trading in the metaverse ecosystem since DRL can enable the well-trained agent to make the decision automatically. The future metaverse needs cryptocurrencies. NFTs enable avatars to generate the content that can be traded with their digital certificates. Smart contract technology offers a trustworthy environment for all participating entities in the metaverse.

Anwendungen:
games; dancing; industry; education; immersive art; robotic art; art; events; concert; exhibition; meeting; collaboration; office; work; social networks; NFT markets; game finance;
