Definition:
Full vision of Metaverse:
The Metaverse is a "parallel", "virtualized", and "digital" "open world". The Metaverse allows users to "access" virtual worlds through "mobile smart devices", "wearable devices" such as "VR glasses", "body suits", and "BCIs", enabling "real-time" "gameplay" "anywhere". Metaverse strives to connect "billions of users" and created a "shared" world where "virtual and reality merge" (physical-virtuality) and thus be "scalable". The full vision includes "immersion", "materialization", and "interoperablility". Metaverse allows to "interact" and share digital data. The Metaverse needs "mobile communication platforms" to provide "ultrahigh bandwidth", "ultra-low latency", "ultra-high reliability", and more "intelligent" "services". In terms of the prospect of "user experience", "human-machine interaction" (HCI) is the core technology of the Metaverse. The Metaverse is a virtual world that is "interconnected" with the real world and exists in "parallel", and it has the same digital information security issues as the real world. Metaverse infrastructure involves "network" architecture, a "communication" platform, virtual technology, hardware facilities, intelligent algorithms, etc. In addition, the Metaverse involves "human senses", psychology, thought, and morals. The Metaverse coexists and interacts with the real world, which is an "online" and shared virtual reality world. In the Metaverse, users can get the same experience as the real physical world through "customized 3D virtual avatars". Sensory stimuli generated by the user's avatar in Metaverse can be transformed into reality through VR equipment and "somatosensory". One of the essential goals of the Metaverse is to provide users with a "multi-sensory" immersive experience. "Wearable devices" can read and store the user’s personal "identity" data.
Specifically, the Metaverse has the following features:
1) Immersive: "XR" technology such as "VR/AR" "HMDs", "MR", and "intelligent wearable devices", and "BCIs".
2) Multi-technology: AI technology such as "digital twin", XR, "blockchain" for "economy", "computer vision" etc.
3) Interoperability: Services such as virtual clothes and purchases can be used in various scenarios of the Metaverse.
4) Sociability: This interactive behavior has the characteristics of real-time, accuracy, and "diversity".
5) "Longevity": Avatars realize permanence of life value. User's avatar, behavior, "assets", and other data are stored in the metaverse for a long time.
The virtual layer of the Metaverse architecture is for the immersive experience and includes virtual environments, services, "currencies", and all behaviors of avatars in the virtual world. "Social networks", economic systems, and business activities. Purchasing of "virtual goods" and building "smart cities" to provide advice for urban development and construction. The technical layer of the Metaverse architecture includes
cloud computing for many computing- and storage resources. "Big data" and "Mobile Edge Computing" which is an  extension of "cloud computing".

6G-enabled edge AI empowered Metaverse:
Federated learning (FL) is introduced for their Metaverse Framework. Smart IoT devices are used to generate data stored locally in the physical world without being shared.

Anwendungen:
meetings; paintings; wireless BCI; holographic experiences;
shopping; 3D telecommuting; video conferencing; simulation; office; entertainment; social scenes; learning; virtual performances; virtual dating;
game industry; immerive education; smart city; medical field; industrial simulation testing; digital tourism;