Definition:
The metaverse is a "universal and "immersive" "virtual world". "A metaverse" is a "threedimensional" (3D) "shared" virtual "space" in which "users" may carry out all actions via the use of augmented ("AR") and virtual reality ("VR") technology. The metaverse is often characterized as a "future version of the Internet". Using AR, VR, and "extended reality" (XR). Metaverse is influencing cognitive processes and letting the "users experience" the sense of "presence", i.e., the feeling of "being there". Metaverse makes the digital "identity" of each person in virtual reality analogous to their physical selves using "avatars".
Metaverse enables real-world applications to achieve the highest degrees of "experience-duality" (real-virtual applications), including shared, "open, and "endless" virtual worlds". The metaverse would make "interoperability" across platforms representing various virtual worlds possible, allowing users to develop and share "content" between virtual worlds. It establishes a "seamless integration" with the existing physical reality ("physical-virtuality"). Realizing the metaverse depends on the advancement of AR, VR, "AI", "high-speed networks", "edge computing", and hyper ledgers (or "blockchain").The metaverse can help build seamless, shared, "concurrent, and immersive virtual worlds". The metaverse "eliminates geographical limitations". The metaverse will function as a "neutral area" where all parties may meet on an equal footing. The metaverse should allow to make "friends" more easily. The combination of the capacity to construct virtual places in the metaverse with the potential of "social media" to create shared "online" worlds is will allow us to experience social media in unprecedented ways. The metaverse will make learning more "accessible" than ever before. The metaverse is highly dependent on VR, AR, and "MR" devices. It will exist as a "massively parallel world" to our own. Metaverse will be much more than a "gaming platform". It will be an additional "global online marketplace" ("economy") with "billions of users". With so many "currencies" and "cryptocurrencies". In "cloud data storage", for "digital assets" acquired with bitcoin, these new technologies demand enormous amounts of energy. Although "5G" will reduce the energy cost per unit of data, it will increase energy consumption relative to earlier technologies. "5G/6G" communication systems enable users to be visually and physically engaged in a "virtual environment" while using AR/VR and "haptic technologies".

Anwendungen:
health care; hospital virtualization; education; entertainment; e-commerce; smart industries; collaborative working; wellness; monetization; simulation; visual learning; historical events; workout games; AI treatment of phobia;
Healthcare Domains: telemedicine; clinical care; education; mental health; physical fitness; veterinary; pharmaceuticals;
