Definition:
The Metaverse is "surreal", "not limited to the law of physics". It offers an "immersive" "experience" and user "activities".
The Metaverse requires a "high number of active users" and service providers (private companies, but also governmental offices). It is an "virtual reality". This article uses the definition of the author and former head of strategy at Amazon Studios, Matthew Ball, as he defines the Metaverse as "persistent", "synchronous & live", providing each user with an individual sense of "presence", a fully functioning "economy", "bridging the digital and physical worlds" (physical-virtuality), offering unprecedented "interoperability" of data, "digital items & assets", and "content". It is comparable to today’s "social media" created and operated by a high number of contributors. The Metaverse mostly manifests as "3D environment" with "user-controlled" "avatars". Even though, based on Ball’s definition this is no mandatory requirement.
Facebook's/Meta's concept is a universal user "platform", integrating a high number of "services" known from other websites and the physical world into the Metaverse to maximize the user’s time spending on the platform. Microsoft focuses on professional usage and aims at corporations, including the involvement of the existing "Digital Twin" environment. Employees standing at the physical machine can via "Augmented Reality glasses", or directly the "smartphone", "access" the Metaverse to read manuals, write protocols, work with "real-time" data, and even "interact" with other avatars. The complete motions of an avatar could be stored in its log. ("motion tracking") The Metaverse offers the possibility to represent the individual’s physical body, but also the user may choose a complete different one, up to fictive surreal creatures. ("personalized avatars"). Each user can personalize the surrounding making the perception different ("personalization"). A Metaverse platform allows users from all over the world to connect ("interconnected"). The "culture" embedded into the Metaverse may be different than the one from the user’s geographical location.

Anwendungen:
learning; education; work; office; real estate; virtual cities; digital counselor; museums;
