Definition:
The Metaverse is a "new Internet application" and "social" form that "combines virtuality and reality" (physical-virtuality). It provides "immersive" "experience" based on "extended reality" technology, generates a mirror image of the real ("realistic") world ("parallel world") based on "digital twin" technology, and builds an "economic system" based on "blockchain" technology. The "world" is integrated with the real world in all directions and angles, "allowing each user to create and edit it". The current "3D" vision theory and technology are gradually developing and mature, and the "interaction" styles based on technologies such as "virtual reality" (VR), "augmented reality" (AR), and "mixed reality" (MR) further enhance the immersion of the metaverse. In the current development, users’ interactions and creations in the Metaverse have attracted attention, and users’ creations have derived complex value chains, which support the sustainable development of the Metaverse world.

Application of Metaverse in power system:
The Metaverse is recognized by means of digital twin technology, Internet of Things technology and other means, and  there is an energy storage power station system in the Metaverse. The Metaverse power system can provide technical support for the modeling, stability analysis, and operation control of new energy storage power station systems. Therefore, the Metaverse provides an effective tool for immersive simulation, which is of great significance to achieve the dualcarbon goal. Driven by the concept of the Metaverse, combined with digital twins, Internet of Things, new communication technologies, etc., the digital twin energy storage power station that is exactly the same as the physical energy storage power station is mapped in the digital space, virtual and real interaction, iterative symbiosis, so as to realize the whole field of energy storage power station equipment Perception, accurate fault judgment, accurate and clear positioning, and timely and effective early warning ensure the safe and reliable operation of the energy storage power station, reduce the operation and maintenance cost of the energy storage power station, and realize the high-precision, high reliability, and high convenience remote management of the energy storage power station. To this end, this paper proposes a metaverse-driven remote management scheme for energy storage power stations.

Anwendungen:
prediction of power load; simulation; education; business policy formulation; creator incentives;