Definition:
Metaverse:
Metaverse resembles a "parallel world", where human "activities" occurring currently in the physical world would also take place in a digital environment. It "intertwines the virtuality and reality" (physical-virtuality). The assets within a Metaverse "ecosystem" (e.g., "avatars" and "items of value") (digital assets) should be compatible, "interoperable" and transferable among a variety of providers and competing products. The developing Metaverse is concerning about the elements that are "centred on users", ranging from avatar "identity", "content creation", "virtual economy", social acceptability, "presence", security and privacy, and "trust and accountability". Metaverse intends to provide "users" with "seamless, infinite and ultimate virtual experience" by establishing a "perpetual/persistent" perceived "virtual world", which would "blend the digital and physical worlds" (physical-virtuality), boosted by the fusion of the "Internet technologies" and "Extended Reality" (XR). Users of the Metaverse own their virtual substitutes, known as Avatars, which analogize their physical selves to experience their virtual "life". The objective of Metaverse is to shape and optimise users’ interactions and alternative experiences in a virtual world, so as to "break through the restrictions of the physical world". The development of both Metaverse relies heavily on similar modern technologies, including "Artificial Intelligence" (AI), Future "Mobile Networks", "Edge/Cloud Computing", "Computer Vision", "Blockchain", "IoT", User "Interactivity", "Mixed Reality" (MR), etc. Key technologies and the seven layers of the metaverse: (1) "Experience": AI, cloud, edge; (2) Discovery: AI, cloud, edge; (3) Creator Economy: AI, cloud, edge; (4) "Spatial computing": "virtual reality" (VR), "augmented reality" (AR) and extended reality (XR); (5) "Decentralization": "Non-Fungible Token" (NFTs) and "blockchains"; (6) "Human interface" (HCI): relevant "wearables", like "VR headsets"; (7) Infrastructure: "mobile networks" and Wi-Fi, and hardware components such as graphics processing units (GPUs).
Metaverse's major elements can be highly abstracted as: Avatars: human "users", animal users, etc.; Portals/Interfaces: AR/VR, "sensors", "brainchips" (BCIs), etc.; "Parallel universe": virtual world.

Metaverse in the construction industry:
Engineering Brain which is comparable with the Metaverse. See comparative analysis between engineering brain and the metaverse in this paper.
It consists of the major elements of Entities, Sensory modalities and Digital twins a.k.a CPS.

Anwendungen:
construction industry; videoconferencing; games; email; live streaming; social media; e-commerce; virtual reality;