Definition:
The Metaverse refers to the "virtual world" in which the "avatar" acts, and the avatar is the user’s alter ego and becomes the active subject in the Metaverse. "XR" is the medium that connects avatars in Metaverse and "users" in the real world. Metaverse refers to a "3D" virtual world where avatars engage in political, "economic", "social", and "cultural" "activities". It is widely used in the sense of a virtual world based where "both the real and the unreal coexist" (physical-reality). Metaverse is not the real world but can provide a tangible feeling through "services" based on "immersive" "user-interactive" "stories". It is necessary to be able to "interact seamlessly" and concurrently in an environment with "presence". The "large-scale" (vast) Metaverse implementation required three components: (i) hardware improvements (e.g., GPU memory, "5G"); (ii) the development of the recognition and expression model that leverages the parallelism of the hardware; and (iii) the "availability" of "content" that people immerse in and participate in. Metaverse is conducted based on a wide "360-degree field of view". In order to give the user a sense of "visual immersion", a lightweight "head-mounted display" (HMD) and physical auxiliary devices are required to use for a long time with "high-resolution" images. There should be "user-created content" (content creation). "Multimodal-based stories" based on immersive interaction can be used effectively in the Metaverse to implement such an interactive "user scenario".
Metaverse allows many people to live "life" in the same space. This requires infrastructure elements (e.g., "wide bandwidth" network connection, fault management, and security) that are also important for implementations. There are "NPCs" in the Metaverse. It also requires
"multimodal sensory perception" that handles "speech", "gestures", and dialog ﬂows. With the technological development of deep learning-based ("AI") high-precision recognition models and natural generation models, Metaverse is being strengthened with various factors, from "mobile-based always-on access" to connectivity with reality using "virtual currency".
The metaverse processes large amounts of "real-time" data.
The hardware components of the Metaverse such as physical devices and "sensors" are HMDs, Hand-Based Input Devices, Non-Hand-Based Input Devices, and "Motion Input Devices". The software components used for recognition and rendering are "Scene and Object Recognition/Generation", "Sound and Speech Recognition/Synthesis", Motion Rendering, "Content" (Scenario and Story), "Multimodal Content Representation", Agenda Personal Modeling, Multimodal Entity Linking and Expansion, and "Scenario Generation/Population/Evaluation".
The Metaverse approaches are "User Interaction": Language Interaction, Multimodal Interaction, "Multi-task Interaction", "Embodied" Interaction; Metaverse Implementation: Multimodal Inference, RL-based Approaches, "Life Long Learning", Multi-Agent Optimization, Integration Optimization, Operation Consideration.

Anwendungen:
fashion; event; game; education; office; simulation; marketing; social;